[Willie humming]
Willie, big news!
The ALFer's won a contest.
Yeah?
Oh, let's see.
You won a copy
of "Cat Lover's Monthly?"
Kind of a letdown.
No recipes.
[chuckles]
How did you win this?
Well, I entered that publisher's
sweepstakes thing.
I licked all those
magazine stamps
and...stuck 'em on my entry.
You sent in..
...all those stamps?
Well, all except Redbook.
It's still stuck
to the roof of my mouth.
Just, uh, how many magazines
did you win?
Check the front porch.
[sighs]
Oops.
ALF..
...you didn't win
any sweepstakes.
You-you've subscribed
to hundreds of magazines!
That explains this personal
thank-you note from Ed McMahon.
[theme music]
[music continues]
Well, here's your cappuccino.
Where's the grated cheese?
I'll get it.
(ALF)
Willie, Kate.
I have something to tell you.
This time the ol' ALFer's
really won something.
What now?
Eleven records for a penny?
No!
This time the ALFer's won
stuff for everybody.
Pony rides for Brian.
Tennis lessons for Lynn.
Dinner and dancing
for you two.
And best of all
for the old ALFer..
...a toaster.
I guess you didn't hear me.
A toaster!
We heard you.
Did I mention
that the toaster talks?
Oh, ALF, this-this
is just a real estate promotion.
A free toaster for listening to
a sales pitch
about vacation homes.
You mean no pony rides?
There may be a pony ride
but there's also
a seven-hour car ride
to get to this place.
I'm not driving seven hours.
Sorry, ALF.
ALFer.
[doorbell rings]
They lied to a child?
- Hi, neighbor.
- Oh, hi.
Got you a present.
Thanks. Won't you come in?
Uh, I noticed your garbage cans
have been flowing over.
Oh, yeah, we've been throwing
out a lot of magazines lately.
Yeah.
These insert things
were all over
your porch and lawn.
I kept the perfume samples.
Wife's birthday is
next week.
She'll be touched.
As am I.
Hey..
You got a letter
from Rancho Estates too?
Oh, yeah,
the toaster people.
[chuckles]
Yeah. Raquel and me, we go
to these things all the time.
Hey...you wanna go together?
Together? No.
No, we're not interested.
Oh, because of me?
No. No, I didn't mean that.
Uh, we'd-we'd love to spend
a weekend with you folk, but..
...uh, we're not interested
in a seven-hour drive.
Well, you can fly
there in one hour.
Yeah, sure,
but who could afford it?
I'll fly you
there for nothing.
My friend lets me borrow
his plane on weekends.
You're a pilot?
Yeah. I flew in Korea.
Over Inchon, I took some
commie flak in my ribs.
You wanna see the scar?
No. No. Please--
Oh, how ya doing, Kate?
Trevor.
Then it's settled.
See you Friday night
after work..
...at the airport.
What's settled?
W-what airport?
Oh, thanks again
for the garbage can, Trevor.
What garbage can?
This garbage can,
and Trevor wants to fly us
to Rancho Estates.
Way to go, mister-o!
We don't have
to see Mr. Ochmonek
in a bathing suit, do we?
No, because we're not going.
Why?
It'll be fun.
What, a weekend
with the Ochmoneks?
Well, you know,
it-it's not as if we have
to share the same bathroom.
- Do we?
- No.
Let's go anyway.
Even if you could get me
in a plane with Trevor..
...we still have the problem
of leaving ALF all alone.
Well now, maybe that's not
that big a problem.
ALF has gone six months
without starting a fire.
Right, dad.
Please?
Gee, a vacation
would be nice.
Yeah.
Okay, let's go.
Oh, great!
I'm ready.
Uh-oh.
Am I going alone?
No, ALF, we're going..
...alone.
Come on, Brian.
Which-which means
we trust you, ALF
to stay by yourself.
I don't wanna be trusted.
I wanna go.
That letter was sent to me.
ALF, I'm-I'm very sorry
that we can't take you,
but we can't.
I promise we'll bring back
that talking blender.
Toaster!
The thing you put bread into.
A blender you put cats into.
See, I need to go
and teach you
about small appliances.
No, it's settled, ALF.
We're going and you're staying.
Oh, fine. I'll stay here
and talk to our old toaster.
Of course, it won't talk back.
Yeah. Gonna be a long quiet
weekend for the old ALFer.
Don't feel guilty!
I don't feel guilty.
Then you haven't been
paying attention.
[instrumental music]
[plane droning]
¶ Come fly with me ¶
¶ Come fly come fly away ¶
¶ Come fly with me.. ¶¶
[indistinct singing]
This is
Captain Ochmonek speaking.
For those with cameras..
...on your left is
the Tujunga toxic waste dump.
I'll fly in lower
so you can get a better view.
No, don't. We can see it
fine from here.
Boy, I sure get a kick out of
flying passengers for a change
instead of just cargo.
Where's that smell
coming from?
From the cargo hold
where the pigs are.
Oh, daddy, I feel so sick.
I mean, why do we have to fly
facing backwards anyway?
I guess so we can keep
our eye on the pigs.
¶ Come fly with me ¶
¶ Come fly come fly away ¶
[humming]
[instrumental music]
There you go.
Willie, this place
is really nice.
- I'm kinda surprised.
- Me, too. The hotel is great.
I keep looking for the catch.
Oh, hello, you must
be the Tanners.
I'm Bill Loman
sales manager
for Rancho Estates.
I was expecting you.
Oh, no, Mr. Tanner,
I think you were expecting
the hard sell.
Well, there's no need
to worry about that.
Good.
Because after you've seen
this slide show
you are going to be begging me
to sell you a home.
(man on TV)
'Buenos dias.'
'That means good day.'
'And at Rancho Estates'
'every day is a good day.'
Uh, would it be okay
if we looked at this later?
- Uh, when later?
- Much later.
[chuckles]
Oh. Absolutely, no problem.
You know, you folks should
first enjoy some tennis
some swimming
and some fishing.
And if you need me
I'll be following you
in a golf cart.
[chuckles]
You know, we expected
a sales pitch.
Yeah.
That's no reason why we still
can't enjoy ourselves.
ALF!
Buenos dias.
[instrumental music]
Let's clear this up.
Are you, or are you not
happy to see me?
I'm happy, ALF.
Are those chocolates?
How did you get here?
I stowed away..
...in Kate's suitcase.
Oh, no.
Now I'll have your hair
all over my clothes.
Take it easy.
Your clothes are hair free
and hanging neatly
in the closet back home.
What am I supposed
to wear here?
Well, I love
what you've got on now.
Perfect for every occasion.
ALF, we trusted you
to stay out of trouble.
I trusted you
to get my toaster.
But I don't see it anywhere.
Let alone, hear it.
But the fact is,
I felt neglected.
I'm a member of this
family too, you know.
I just wanted to be
with the people I love.
And get that toaster.
[knocking on door]
(Trevor)
'Hey, Tanner, guess what?'
'We have adjoining rooms.'
'Hey, open up!'
Can't we shake this guy?
Uh, Brian, quick, you better
hide ALF in the bedroom.
Alright, but don't start
that slide show without me.
Looks like
we're neighbors again.
You wanna go catch
the foreshow?
Actually we were just
thinking about..
...going home.
What do you think? Will that be
out of the question?
- He's joking, right?
- No.
The plane ride was such fun
we can't wait to fly again.
And I've got school tomorrow.
On Saturday?
Traffic school.
Well, I'm sorry.
That plane is on its way
to Central America.
I can't tell you anything else.
Are you saying we're stuck here?
Yeah.
Tough luck, eh?
Stuck in a resort hotel.
Come on, let's cut a rug.
Trip the light fantastic!
Do the hustle.
Oh, I'd love to, but..
I don't have anything to wear.
Well, what was
in that suitcase of yours?
It weighed a ton.
Sun tan lotion, uh..
Mom tends to burn.
Oh, don't worry about it.
Raquel will lend you
one of her dresses.
Now don't spill anything
on Raquel's dress.
I might wanna wear it next.
[instrumental music]
[sighs]
[door closes]
Dad, what are you doing
up so early?
I'm sorry. Um, I..
I never got to sleep.
I spent the whole night
listening
to the Ochmoneks snore.
They both snore?
In a pattern.
Like a conversation.
- Didn't you hear it?
- Yeah.
But I just thought
it was the ice machine.
ALF?
Where's ALF?
I thought
he was in with you.
Kate!
What's wrong?
I can't find ALF.
I'm right here.
Willie, what's wrong?
- Where were you?
- Out catching catfish.
Somebody could
have seen you.
No way!
This place is a morgue
before dawn.
I wanted to surprise
you guys
by serving catfish
in bed.
[knocking on door]
(Trevor)
'Hey, Tanner,
rise and shine.'
- Bedroom.
- Bathroom.
Gotta clean the fish.
Come on, B.
- Oh, morning, Trevor.
- Good, you're already up.
(ALF)
'Hey, we've got a bidet!'
It's Brian. In the morning
his voice is a lot lower.
[electric shaver whirring]
Sounds like he's shaving.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, yeah.
I won't allow him
to have a mustache.
That's good.
You got to take a stand.
Listen,
since we're up already
why not go
for a pony ride?
No, thanks, Trevor.
We-we're just
gonna stay here.
Yes, it's such
a great room
we don't want
to waste it..
...by going out.
But you gotta go out.
You gotta go
to the big sales presentation.
It's mandatory
for everybody.
- All of us?
- Away from this room?
At the same time?
Yeah, what the heck,
get crazy.
Listen, the buffet
starts at 7 o'clock.
Raquel will have your dress
picked out by 6:30.
Well, by the way,
she wanted to know
did you need a bra with that?
Just the dress.
ALF, he's gone.
(Brian)
'He's busy
scaling catfish.'
Catfish don't have scales.
Then I won't be needing
your shaver anymore.
Neither will I.
Nice dress, mom.
Yeah, Kate, you look
real sexy in that.
Well, anyone would
look good in this.
- Trevor.
- Hmm.
You know you're not supposed
to be eating shellfish.
You'll have
an allergic reaction.
It's lot safer
than the Mexican food
Tanner's eating.
Huh, Tanner?
What? Oh!
I-I'm sorry I was,
I was worrying about
whether our room..
...would be alright..
...all alone.
Our room will be fine, dad.
It has a toaster
to keep it company.
(automated message)
'Toast.'
Hah! Hah!
'Toast down.'
Hello, room service?
Send another bag
of bread to room 13.
Yeah, leave it outside
the door again.
- 'Toasting.'
- Quiet. I'm on the phone.
Oh, hey, and bring
some tartar sauce.
Thanks.
Now, let's see
what you can do with catfish.
Oh!
You know your daughter
is a terrific tennis player.
[chuckles]
You know, honey, if you lived up
here, you could play every day.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Oh, why don't you
tell your dad
how much
you'd like to live here.
- No.
- Oh, go on, tell him.
- Tell him!
- No!
- Mr. Loman--
Alright, settle down, folks.
We'll begin
the sales presentation
in just a minute.
That's why
we're here, right?
[laughs]
Of course,
there are some people
who keep coming back
for the free room and shellfish.
Last chance for seconds.
Trevor, you said you were only
going back for salad.
I did. It's underneath
the shrimp.
Hey, Tanner!
You didn't eat a thing.
You still worried
about your room?
No.
Willie, was that..
Yes, it was!
Oh!
I warned him
about that Mexican food.
[instrumental music]
I tell you, Tanner
I thought only rock stars
got kicked out of hotels.
Yeah, I can't imagine
what caused that toaster
to short circuit.
But I'm gonna find out.
It sure stunk up
the place.
It smelled of burned fish
all the way to the lobby.
By the way
how's that smell back
in the cargo section?
I, for one,
miss the pigs.
I'm sorry, I meant
to hose down the jackals.
Hey, Raquel!
I feel a little woozy.
Uh, get me a bromo, will ya?
I warned you
about that shellfish, Trevor.
Just get it, alright?
I'll get it in a second.
I have to put ointment
on my shoulders.
That hotel ought to warn
their guests about the sun.
Quite possibly
the worst weekend
of our entire lives.
You haven't
stopped complaining
since I burned
down that room.
You, back with the jackals!
They're hyenas
and I don't like them.
They're jackals.
Then why are they
laughing at me?
[sighs]
Lieutenant McIntosh
give me the coordinates.
We're almost over
enemy territory.
Oh! What enemy territory?
What enemy territory?
What do you think that is,
the Mississippi River?
Those are
the Bridges of Toko-Ri.
Trevor!
- Trevor!
- Huh?
Snap out of it, Trevor,
the war is over.
Boy, I did overdo
the shellfish.
Willie, Willie,
what-what's wrong?
I'm not sure. Trevor,
how serious is this allergy?
It's nothing. Listen, would you
switch on the auto pilot?
- Where is it?
- It's right down there.
Thanks.
I'm gonna get up
and move around a little
stretch for a minute..
...so I don't pass out.
- Ah!
- Oh!
- Trevor!
- Oh! Trevor. Trevor!
Trevor, say something.
Oh, good, the USO.
- Is he okay?
- My gosh!
What are we gonna do?
Who's going to fly the plane?
- Dad, you fly it.
- Now, relax everybody.
Nobody is gonna
fly this plane.
Ah, dad!
- I'll fly it.
- You..
We have an emergency!
I'm the logical choice.
Oh, by the way,
you were right.
They are not hyenas.
But they are laughing.
ALF can fly a plane?
Oh, he can't even
work the toaster.
Well, he did
fly a spaceship.
Yeah, how different
can it be?
What does this do?
[engine roars]
I see.
(Raquel)
'Trevor, stop fooling around.'
Oh, my gosh. Raquel!
(Raquel)
'This door is stuck,
somebody help me.'
Oh, oh, oh, she'll see ALF.
Help me block the door.
Help is on the way, Raquel.
Brian, sit down,
fasten your seat belt.
(Raquel)
'What's blocking the door?'
Um..
...a hyena.
Well, did he figure it out?
Can you fly it?
I think so. I need to see
an owner's manual.
Oh, there's not
- Then I can't fly it.
- Oh!
ALF, the laws of aerodynamics
are the same everywhere
in the universe.
Yeah, that's right.
What are they?
We're headed straight
for that mountain, ALF!
ALF, do something! Quick!
Alright, alright!
Easy. Easy.
Up, up, up
and over.
Yeah!
- This flying's a piece of cake.
- Oh!
Oh, a piece of cake?
That was a piece of luck.
Luck? Ha!
Check this out.
Oops!
¶ Come fly with me ¶
¶ Come fly come fly away ¶¶
[chuckles]
I gotta hand it to you, Tanner.
You did a great job
bringing in that plane.
But the next time
you might mention
to the airport
that you plan to land.
I'll keep that in mind.
Thank you so much
for the dress.
I don't know what I would
have done without it.
What a lovely weekend.
We must do it
again, sometime.
Okay, but only
if we get the jackals.
[chuckles]
Come on, baby.
Speak to the old ALFer.
- Are they gone?
- Yes.
Oh, good. Then we can pick
up where we left off.
I believe you were
thanking me
for saving your lives.
No, I believe
we had already thanked you
several times.
Well, you can
thank me again.
No.
Please.
Alright.
Thank you, ALF.
We never could have
made it back without you.
You're the best alien
that any family..
(automated message)
'Toast up!'
Hold that thought,
will you, Willie?
My catfish are ready.
[instrumental music]
[theme music]
[ALF laughing]
[instrumental music]